Add index.json file for menu item ordering (#387)
nordcraftengine/documentation: docs/guides/contribution/index.md

Each section and page corresponds to a folder in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/nordcraftengine/documentation):

- The content of each page is stored in an `index.md` markdown file
- All related images are placed in the same folder as the page's `index.md` file

The structure of the menu items and pages is defined in the [docs/index.json](../../index.json) file. When a new page or section is created, it must be added to this file to appear in the documentation menu.

## Creating a new page

### File setup

1. Identify which section your page belongs to
2. Create a new folder with an appropriate name

>    - For example: `the-editor` for the main section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For example: `the-editor` for a parent section
```

>    - Or `the-editor/bottom-bar` for a page within a section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Or `the-editor/bottom-bar` for a child page within a parent section
```
